2.2 Release! Make sure to check any Changelog to see changes! Adjust your Config to better match your personal preferences!
Explore new 65+ unique effects from pets and 10+ Town Pet Aura Effects to enrich your playthrough where the unique effects 'make sense' with who the pet is, further enhancing the pet's personality! Pets cover every aspect of the game and every situation there is! Fishing, Mining, Combat, Mobility, Survivability, Harvesting and more!

The mod aims to make all pets have a purpose other than being entirely vanity, feel more 'rewarding' to obtain, have more personality with their effects, be worth grinding for, and be interesting to explore.

New mechanics:
Ability Haste: Helping you be able to use your pet's ability faster and more frequently! Usually granted by Supportive Pets to other players.
Shield: Reduces the damage you receive by a flat amount. Stacks.
Town Pets grant you beneficial Auras in a 125/137.5/150 block range! Their effects and range scale up upon entering Hardmode and upon killing Moon Lord!
New Item: Mastery Shard, drops from EoC, WoF, and Golem 1 time per world! Combine with any Trophy to craft the bosses Master Mode pet, allowing non-Master Mode worlds to obtain limited amounts of Master Mode pets!

The mod follows 3 rules with the effects for our beloved pets:
1. The effect MUST make sense with the pet's design, it has to have some sort of connection.
2. The effect has to be unique, no 2 pets should have 2 almost identical effects, even if it's something similar, it shall serve another purpose or be more effective/less effective in some other area.
3. The effect shall only assist the player, not something that acts as a separate thing. Effects should be more like an 'accessory' (but something more complicated and interesting than regular accessories) rather than a 'minion'.

You can use vanity Pets by equipping a pet in the pet slot, but turn its visibility off. Proceed to use whatever pet you want as the vanity pet from your inventory, enjoy!
Remember to have your pet equipped in a pet slot to have their effects.
Please report any bugs or imbalances with a pet being way too strong or way too effective compared to other ones at that stage of the game, please report it to our discord or comment about it on the Steam page! Open to any sort of feedback, feel free to join our discord from below!
Chinese Translation by: Celestepic
Icon made by: Furqi
and thanks to WaffleDevs for contributing to Code
https://discord.gg/KubSpqvDGE